June 16 2014 Lab Nightly.

Facebook mock up, perhaps.
You have been tasked with rewriting the basics of the app in rails.

So, after doing some digging on the www, I was able to come up with a few things
hopefully allowing me to understand just exactly how mvp works, though I don't see
a huge gap between mvc, and mvp. However, my instructor would win the debate, really.
Anyway, my nightly assigement was to rewrite the basics of facebook using rails.
Although I'm struggling with the thinking phase, and hell, the learning phase; I'm
going to give this a shot.

MVP according to some soruces, which I won't disclose, as I'm using my own words,
is basically a set of classes which describes how the business logic and data are
brought together. facebook, or mark at the time pawned a set of ideas and turned
a college idea of connecting friends on the wwww, and perhaps trying to get a
piece of ass into a gold mine. seriously. on that note, he more less esblished
the first social media outlet. well, maybe myspace, but that was trashy.

basic idea: bringing together friends and having a place on the web to hang out,
post baby pictures, and writing happy fucking birthday on a friends wall.

marketing.
then - college students at the time.

now - connecting the world and forming a society which will be runned by fb, and
of course, online marketing.

yes, umm, I'd like some balsamic on my app, please?

I wonder if I should mock this up in a rails app right quick. I'm deeply trying
figure out the paths n shit from rake routes. hold up.


What models do I need?
I made two, however, I might need some more.
Model Post        Model Facebook
title:string      name:string
author:string     email:string
body:text         password:string
                  status:boolean


What attributes do they have?
yea, so I think the attributes is exactly what's above, well in the database.
something which can be removed.
the enitre facebook attributes, name, email, password, and status can all be
removed directly from the database. while inputting in the seed.rb file is acceptable,
I think after making a few mistakes today, just bad practice, or being lazy. 


What controllers might I need?
I put up two controllers pluralized.
ControllerPosts       ControllerFacebooks

How would I define my routes?
shit, I need six pages?
I think I did this wrong.
Cheezes-MacBook:Facebooker Cheeze$ rake routes
         Prefix Verb URI Pattern                Controller#Action
facebooks_index GET  /facebooks/index(.:format) facebooks#index
 facebooks_show GET  /facebooks/show(.:format)  facebooks#show
  facebooks_new GET  /facebooks/new(.:format)   facebooks#new
    posts_index GET  /posts/index(.:format)     posts#index
     posts_show GET  /posts/show(.:format)      posts#show
      posts_new GET  /posts/new(.:format)       posts#new
